Hello friends, I am Pravesh Kumar.  You are
watching Rights Employee.  So friends,
in today's video we are going to talk about
a health insurance plan that
takes your health cover to the next level.
Yes, I am talking about ICICI
Lobbed Elevate Health Insurance Plan.  So
in this video I will tell you
what this plan is?  What are its features?
What is the benefit?  And what are its drawbacks?
What is its premium?  And who will this plan be
best for?  So definitely watch this video till the end
because every point of yours is going to be very
useful.  So friends, first of all let
us talk about what this plan is
?  So friends, ICICIR
's Elevate plan is a model and flexible
health insurance.  So, in this you not only
get basic hospitalization
but along with it many advanced benefits and
advances are also included.  So in simple words,
this plan
gives customization as per your needs.  Now let us talk about
its main features.  So the first one is
high sum insured.  Starting from a minimum of ₹5 lakh
and going up to unlimited cover if you wish.  The
second is no claim bonus.  If
no claim is made in the year,
your cover will automatically increase by 20% in the next year.  The
second is the Friends Reset Benefit.
Suppose your entire cover is exhausted in a year, then
this plan resets it 100%.
And the fourth is the Friends Jump Start
benefit.  That means it reduces the
waiting period for conditions like diabetes and BP.
And the fifth is
pre and post hospitalization, that is, the
expenses incurred 90 days before going to the hospital and up to 180 days after going to the hospital are also included in it.
And the sixth is maternity benefit.
In this plan, you also get expenses like maternity
covered and the best part is that there are
wellness rewards, that is, if you
follow a healthy lifestyle then you get
discounts and rewards points.  Now let us talk about
its eligibility and waiting
period.  So the minimum age is 18 years and if a
child is also to be added then it can be covered in 91 days.  The
normal waiting period for pre-rejecting disease is 3 years but
this can be reduced if you take Jump Start.
And talking about the policy, you can
take it for 1 year, 2 years or 3 years.  Now let's
come to the addons which make this plan even more
powerful.  The first one is
Infinite Care Aids which means lifetime
unlimited cover.  Second is room rent, there is an
option to take a higher room.  Claim
Protector and Power Booster
helps in reducing out of pocket expenses.
OPD benefits like medicine tests, doctor
consultation fees may also be covered.  But
friends, no plan is perfect.
It also has some limitations.  If you do
not take Advanced then you will get only basic
features.  Unlimited cover will not be
available.  The premium may be a bit expensive.
Especially if you choose the more advanced option, the
basic plan covers room rent and
only private AC rooms.  If you want a dark or
sweet room, you will have to take advance.   There will be a
long waiting period for some diseases.
If you have not opted for Jump Start Benefit option.
Now let us talk about its
premium and tax benefits.  So the
premium depends on your age city and sum insured and
advance.  And yes,
you will also get tax benefits under Section 80D.   That
means you can save tax on premium.
So the question is, who will this plan be
right for?  If you
want to avoid medical inflation, want to take a family floater
, also want to take maternity and
want to avail wellness discount, then
this plan will definitely be right for you.
But if you are looking for just basic
hospitalization cover, then this
plan may be a bit heavy on your budget.
So friends, this was the
complete review of ICICI Lamborghard Elevate Health Insurance Plan.
Friends, if you liked the video
then please like and share the video
and if you are new to the channel then do not
forget to subscribe.  Friends,
tell us in the comments whether you are thinking of taking this plan
or are considering some other option.
So see you in the next video.  Till then
stay safe and stay healthy.  See you
in the next video.